# Introduction #
YOLO2TrainingManager is a Python script tool to wrap [YOLO2](https://pjreddie.com/darknet/yolo/) training data and enviorment. It saves all data needed for a training and all data generated by the training in the same folder. It makes you easier to manage numerous training tasks.       

# Configuration #
1. To rename GlobalConfig.ini.example to GlobalConfig.ini
2. To modify YOLO\_ROOT\_PATH and JOB\_ROOT\_PATH in GlobalConfig.ini

> YOLO\_ROOT\_PATH is the path of YOLO2 source code.

> JOB\_ROOT\_PATH is the path of job folder to save all training data and enviorment.

Both of YOLO\_ROOT\_PATH and JOB\_ROOT\_PATH support absolute and relative path. They are relative to the location of Manager.py 

# Usage #
Usage: Manager.py [OPTION]

-c, --cmd &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; **command: train, recall, report**

-i, --id &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; **task ID**

-d, --data_cfg &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; **the path of training data cfg file, for example, cfg/voc.data**

-n, --net_cfg &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; **the path of network cfg file, for example, cfg/yolo9000.cfg** 

-w, --weight &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; **weight file** 

All options support absolute and relative path. They are relative to YOLO\_ROOT\_PATH

# Use Case 1 #
To start a new training: Python Manager.py -c train -d cfg/voc.data -n yolo-voc.cfg

# Use Case 2 #
To start a fine-tuned training with a pre-trained weight: Python Manager.py -c train -d cfg/voc.data -n yolo-voc.cfg -w yolo.weights

# Use Case 3 #
To resume a training: Python Manager.py -c train -i 20170604142745739

> "20170604142745739" is the ID of the training task you want to resume. You can find it in the job folder.

